---
title: Lecture Notes 09/02/22
top: false
cover: false
toc: true
mathjax: true
date: 2022-02-09 18:00
password:
summary:
tags:
- Lecture Note
categories:
- Neuroscience

---

## Abstract

quick overviews (**What you have done**) avoid to use 'I will'

key words

### How

the key is structure

| Background/introduction | 25%  |
| ----------------------- | ---- |
| Method                  | 25%  |
| conclusion              | 35%  |
| results                 | 15%  |

#### Background/introduction  

give starting point, get the salient points across

be tailored to the level that you expect the audience have

##### Aim/objective

most important part

short, relevant, specific and measurable

#### Methods

variable (can be in detail or succinctly depending on the projects)

outcome measure and how to measure (secondary one can be absence if there is a word limitation)

statistical method, how it is important

#### Results

relevant values (like p-values; in correlation, like r value)

#### Conclusions/implications

studied' contribution

Take-home message

it is good to relate it back to the aim 

no specific number

can add future direction

## Task

### Background/introduction 

The previous research has stated that social cues could play an important role in one's socioemotional regulation. In this study, the longitudinal associations between children and parents are verified to serve as a potential social buffer to adolescent behavioral and neurobiological regulation and ameliorate false alarms and brain activation toward affective cues.

51 adolescents with ages ranging between 31 and 35 months were classified into secure group and insecure group by a modified 17-minute Strange Situation procedure. We then analyzed the data of behaviour and fMRI from those adolescents when they were completing social go-nogo tasks, compared the conditions of presence of their parents and the adolescents alone without parents.

In false alarm test, appetitive group shows significant difference between secure and insecure. Aversive model indicates that secure adolescents alone have better behavioral regulation and with parental presence there are promotion in insecure adolescents' regulation. 

Findings show the presence of a parent promote regulation for insecure adolescents in aversive social contexts. Further supported by the reduction of hyperactivity in brain regions associated with socioemotional processing in the presence of a parent. 

